[joy-ui][docs] Add `FileUpload` demo (#38420)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/joy/components/button/button.md

{{"demo": "ButtonLink.js"}}

> ## File Upload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## File upload
```

Small nit 😬

> Following demo shows how to turn `Button` component to `input` with type as `file`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create a file upload button, turn the button into a label using `component="label"` and then create a visually-hidden input with type `file`.
```

Author: updated here https://github.com/mui/material-ui/pull/38420/commits/f61cb2853a59c8068a26e8e2fe5611c659569582
